2023 10 release note mblack refactor (#169)
ni/install-systemlink-enterprise: release-notes/2023-10/README.md

    1. Remove the override of the Redis update-strategy from the configuration. You can re-deploy to apply this change but it is not required.
- Option #2
    1. Prior to upgrade, run: `kubectl -n <namespace> delete statefulset <release>-webserver-redis`
    1. This will delete the redis cluster, preventing UI access to the application.
    1. Run the Helm command to upgrade your deployment to this release. The Redis cluster will be recreated and deployed in parallel.
- Once upgraded, Redis storage will be incompatible with older versions of the software. If it is necessary to downgrade to an older version of SystemLink Enterprise, you must perform a hard reset on the redis cluster. These steps are not required if you are only upgrading to the latest release.
    - Refer to [Perform-a-hard-reset-on-the-redis-cluster.md](https://github.com/ni/install-systemlink-enterprise/tree/2023-10/release-notes/2023-10/Perform-a-hard-reset-on-the-redis-cluster.md) for steps to reset Redis.

## Helm Chart Breaking Changes

> - Support for single external MongoDB replica set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for single external MongoDB instance
```
...since the instance doesn't have to be a replica set technically

>     - The systemlink Helm chart defaults to connect to an external MongoDB instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The systemlink Helm chart now supports an external MongoDB instance
```

>     - If you have an existing installation of SLE you MUST either set `global.mongodb.install` to `true` or migrate your existing data to an external MongoDB instance and provide the connection string in `global.mongodb.connection_string`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you have an existing installation of SLE you should set `global.mongodb.install` to `true` in order to maintain the same behavior in future versions of the Helm chart.
    - If you desire to use a single external MongoDB instance migrate your existing data to the external MongoDB instance and provide the connection string in `global.mongodb.connection_string`. See the [MongoDB_Migration README file](https://github.com/ni/install-systemlink-enterprise/tree/main/release-notes/2023-10/MongoDB_Migration) for more information.
```
